Expose API key name to the ingest pipeline (#51305)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/set-security-user.asciidoc

[[ingest-node-set-security-user-processor]]
=== Set Security User Processor
Sets user-related details (such as `username`,  `roles`, `email`, `full_name`,
`metadata`, `api_key`, `realm` and `authentication_type`) from the current
authenticated user to the current document by pre-processing the ingest.
The `api_key` property is only applicable when the authentication is

> through API key. It is an object containing two fields, `id` and `name`.

Reviewer: Rephrase suggestion:
```suggestion
The `api_key` property exists only if the user authenticated with an API key.
It is an object containing the `id` and `name` properties of the API key.
```

Author: Updated.

When using API key authentication, the `realm` property refers to the realm
from which the API key is created. It is also an object with two fields,

> `name` and `type`.

Reviewer 2: I think describing the `realm` property in the space of API Keys would lead some users to read it as only applying to API Keys. It would be better to say something like:
```
The `api_key` property is only applicable when the authentication is
through API key. It is an object containing two fields, `id` and `name`.

The `realm` property is also an object with two fields, `name` and `type`.
When using API key authentication, the `realm` property refers to the realm
from which the API key is created. 
```

That said, I think we ought to actually expand this whole section and give examples, etc.
I'd be happy to see that in a followup PR though.

Author: [Updated](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/51305/files#diff-5c7ce044d2cc26ab68eb77577355fd22R6-R10). I would also prefer to have the example as a separate PR. The example code may need to be added as part of doc tests which require some work. Should I create an issue for it?

Reviewer 2: > Should I create an issue for it?

Yes please.

Author: Issue created: #51907

> from which the API key is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The valid values for the `authentication_type` property are: `REALM`, `API_KEY`, `TOKEN` and `ANONYMOUS`.
```

Author: Updated
